You bite me on everything.
You're wrong about that. That is not true.
Yes, that is true.
You know I'm trying to hold this all together.
I'm so tired of this.
Every day the same thing.
Fight.
Argue.
Bicker.
Then silence.
Meanwhile, the global financial meltdown continues to plague stocks
as market prices drop drastically once again today.
China's government suspended trading early in the fears of a cell.
30 years.
And this is what it's come to?
I just wanted to end.
We'd probably be happier divorced anyway.
Don't understand.
I need this by the end of the day on my desk
or there's going to be some consequences.
You know what? I've heard enough.
Goodbye.
Miles divorced about two years ago.
And even remarried.
He doesn't seem any happier.
Marriage isn't easy.
But I've become so impatient.
So focused on my ones.
My needs.
Maybe the problem isn't who I'm with,
but who I've become.
With prayer.
Jehovah's help.
And assistance from the elders.
I've seen the part that I need to play.
To improve our relationship.
Our issues won't be fixed overnight.
We are working progress.
But we're learning to be more patient.
More loving.
And we're committed to working on it together.